Kvdb Backup Location (#450)
portworx/pxdocs: content/concepts/internal-kvdb.md

## Backup

Portworx takes regular backup of its key value space and dumps it into a file on the host.

> These internal kvdb backups are taken every 2 minutes and are dumped under the `/var/lib/osd/kvdb_backup` directory on all the nodes. At a time only 10 backups are kept. These backups are also kept inside the storage drive provided for internal kvdb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Portworx takes internal KVDB backups every 2 minutes and places them into the `/var/lib/osd/kvdb_backup` directory on all nodes in your cluster. Portworx also keeps a rolling count of 10 backups at a time within the internal KVDB storage drive. 
```
